My name is Shauna Anderson.
I teach at George Street Middle School.
Grade
seven language arts and social studies.
I'm working on, a multi memoir
multi genre member project.
And it's basically a way to give students
some choice
instead of the traditional
just pen and paper writing a narrative.
So the memoir, it's about themselves
and their life experiences,
and it fits in well to our overall theme
this year of identity.
We have,
students from various different
backgrounds and cultures here,
which works and well,
and they do so many different talents.
Kinesthetic.
We have a lot of kids that love writing,
a lot of kids
that are really into technology.
So it just, takes all of their lives
and what they really enjoy
doing, and it's worked out extremely well.
They do still have the choice
of a personal narrative, but also they can
do a top ten list based on their top ten,
things lessons they've learned in life.
They can do a comic strip of a memory.
They can do a PowerPoint.
We use technology as well.
They can write a song or a poem, a script
just.
And I
believe there's 4 or 5 other options.
And as I said,
instead of just the traditional narrative,
I've seen just a huge increase
in engagement and participation
and just the quality of the work
is increased.
Doing these kind of choice
projects and again, kind of backing away
from the traditional just one option, it's
all I started out small,
first, 1 or 2 different options
and then I built upon those.
And the more, I started doing it,
the more ideas I came up with
and the easier it was.
At first it is more work because you're
creating rubrics for each of these things.
But, in the end, it is.
It's so much it's worth everything
to see the kids engagement
and participating and just seeing,
overall better quality work.
Yeah, I think we a lot of us, when there's
a new initiative or things we, we kind of,
think,
oh, this is just something new,
but this just honestly makes make sense.
And it's definitely in everyone's
best interest.
I think in the end, to kind of incorporate
this and make this part of
their practice.